Docs for synthetic source (#87416)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/types/geo-point.asciidoc

def lat      = doc['location'].lat;
def lon      = doc['location'].lon;
--------------------------------------------------

ifeval::["{release-state}"=="unreleased"]
[[geo-point-synthetic-source]]
==== Synthetic source

> `geo_point` fields support <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> in their
> default configuration. But they don't support synthetic `_source` if you add
> <<ignore-malformed,`ignore_malformed`>>, add <<copy-to,`copy_to`>>, or if you
> disable <<doc-values,`doc_values`>>.
> 
> Synthetic source will always sort `geo_point` fields (by latitude then longitude)
> and reduce them to their stored precision. So:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`geo_point` fields support <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> in their
default configuration. Synthetic `_source` cannot be used together with 
<<ignore-malformed,`ignore_malformed`>>, <<copy-to,`copy_to`>>, or with
<<doc-values,`doc_values`>> disabled.

Synthetic source always sorts `geo_point` fields (first by latitude and then
longitude) and reduces them to their stored precision. For example:
```
